Wen Li's mother is similar to Jialan
Why is this, teacher?
What are you thinking about?
How could Jialan not be my daughter?
I may have been too tired recently.
It's getting crazy.
Coach Liu, Second Miss
How are you feeling?
Coach Liu, am I particularly stupid?
Miss, I am teaching you your boxing skills.
You are not just your mother's greatest work
You are also my apprentice who has been carefully trained.
But I don't even have a college as high as a plane
It's all accidental
You have to believe me.
By the way, the fighting match is about to start
The gold belt must belong to you.
I promise to thank you, Coach Liu
In addition, Lihong dares to bully me alone
Miss, I must make you pay
Small golden pillar
Who let you into this sandbag?
Aren't sandbags for people to use?
You don't even look whose sandbag you're using
This is Miss Yan's special sandbag
You use the eldest lady's sandbag
Do you want to die?
I'm sorry, Miss Yan
I didn't know this was your special sandbag
Are you feeling better?
Lin Wenli is something that doesn't belong to you
I advise you not to be delusional
Coach Liu threw the sandbag out
Garbage should stay in the trash can